Chore: Update cell type ontology version (#82)
cellarium-ai/cellarium-cas: CHANGELOG.rst

  - Added ability to render documentation locally
  - PR tests will now fail when doc is invalid
  - Fixed bugs documentation navigation

>   - Update Cell Type Ontology to the version used in cellxgene schema v 5

Reviewer: With versions I would write it as
```suggestion
  - Update Cell Type Ontology to the version used in cellxgene schema v5
```
or
```suggestion
  - Update Cell Type Ontology to the version used in cellxgene schema version 5
```
